Yeah.
you you
Be introduced.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and a whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent
a panel that we have, each one of you is gonna get a chance to comment on his thesis.
I wanted to bring everybody together because I've read Jonathan's thoughts about this.
He's one of the most thoughtful critics of the pandemic management from the beginning.
He was one of the co-founders of RASTIC, which was the organization of independent scientists all over the world.
particularly at the beginning of the pandemic, did really wonderful work in understanding the science, in unearthing scientific studies that made a lot of this stuff comprehensible.
And he's also been instrumental in uncovering some of the involvement of the intelligence agencies and others in the management of the pandemic and also the
on the long history of what we call gain-of-function science.
And here's the first paragraph.
so so
you.
Ralph Baric's the guy who arguably taught Webb how to create the coronavirus.
Taught who?
The Wuhan Institute of Virology.
I'm Dr. Ryan Cole.
I'm an MD.
I'm a physician.
Mayo Clinic trained anatomic clinical pathology subspecialty fellowship in dermatopathology.
I do molecular biology.
I've done over 150,000 COVID tests in my laboratory.
but you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Specialization should make you suspicious, because it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on.
And it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate.
And then one should be a little bit suspicious.
And that's sort of my starting bias.
On every slide, the first slide, I have quotes.
And I know that you don't read them.
at all, because you don't need to read them to pass and get a good grade.
But this one is pretty cool.
The quote from Alice in Wonderland.
One can't believe impossible things, said Alice.
I dare say you haven't had much practice, said the Queen.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
So that's totally suitable for this lecture.
A lot of impossible things are going to happen today.
It's literally turning into worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
They did fool us into solving their mysteries, and by doing so, we have...
to accept their monsters.
In other words, I guess that's not quite right yet, but in order to solve their mysteries, we have to accept their monsters, we have to accept their narrative.
Specializations should make you suspicious, because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on, then it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate, and then one should be a little bit suspicious, and that's sort of my starting bias.
In fact, we actually have to accept the very words that they use to describe the monsters.
The very words that they use to describe the mysteries we are forced to use.
That's why everybody's talking about gain of function.
That's why everybody's talking about viruses.
That's why everybody's talking about antibodies.
Because we are given the vocabulary that traps us.
And it is within their vocabulary that we are trapped.
And yes, that's their biology as well.
Ladies and gentlemen, the voice that you hear right now is that of Jonathan J. Cooey.
I'm chief biologist at Gigaom Biological.
I come to you live.
from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage.
If you wanna find my work as an Academy Magician, you need to go to the National Library of Medicine website, PubMed, use my last name, C-O-U-E-Y, my first two initials, J and J. You'll find a whole list of papers and work that I was associated with and worked on directly, including some of the work that Drastic put together back when I thought they were actually a really fascinating group of scientists and independent researchers doing something useful at the start of the pandemic.
However, I've come to understand it as something completely different.
I tried to explain it to the group called Panda, but they lost all three of those two-hour presentations, and instead, members of that organization, including Jessica Hockett, Jessica Rose,
Jonathan Engler, Nick Hudson, let me think of some other ones, Josh Getzko, and even Mark Giordano have gone around the world talking about little bits and pieces of the real biology that we've been able to put together here at GigaOM Biological, representing it as their own ideas.
even writing books, etc.
Similar things have happened with a lot of the participants at NCI.
I'm afraid that the guy Sean that runs that thing has just taken money.
He's just sold out.
That organization is a joke.
There might be something else called the Canadian COVID Care Alliance that might be a little bit better with a little higher percentage of good actors, but again,
It's really hard to tell.
The Wellness Company, another one of those groups that probably just absorbed anybody that had any good intentions and is putting people in front of those people.
Children's Health Defense does the same thing.
Good meaning, well meaning, well intentioned people.
get involved in that organization, start donating, maybe even get a job for them.
And in reality what you're doing is putting yourself on the team of people that are purposely sabotaging that movement.
That's why somebody as treacherous as Mary Holland has been in front of us on all of the mainstream and alternative news sources
for more than a decade opposite Mr. Paul Offit because it's one great big national security show that has culminated in many books by Skyhorse Publishing and Children's Health Defense Publishing Company, including this Wuhan cover-up book by the now Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who I helped write, or I helped write that book.
and am listed as the primary expert.
I delineated my, let's say, terrified position that I found myself in in 2024 at the June 17th presentation that I did in Rapid City, South Dakota for the Red Pill Expo.
I was actually lucky enough to get put in some kind of comic here.
where it looks like Ben Garrison has drawn my face to be part of a weird Mount Rushmore out from which the truth train driven by G. Edward Griffin is being driven.
So I think that was pretty cool, but it didn't amount to anything.
So since then, I've been working hard to get back in shape so that I can teach biology from the basketball court
And also since then I've been declared officially chemtrail retarded and barracks bitch boy By former research and development director of the human genome project.
Mr. Kevin McKernan out of Boston, Massachusetts I think he's one of the worst for most fraudulent national security actors in America today and I think a lot of the
let's say populist movement that Steve Bannon has organized.
The most dedicated members of that movement are keenly aware of the biological mythology that Kevin McKernan has been pushing.
And that's his job.
I don't really see him as anything more than doing his job.
And so I'm doing mine.
Welcome to the show.
See you in a minute.
Kind of cool, isn't it?
It really was.
And now folks, we have Mike Bauer and Bailey.
Come on out and say hello to the folks, Mike and Bailey.
Hi, Mike.
Hello.
How are you?
Nice to meet you.
Fine, thank you very much.
And this is Bailey.
Yes.
Bailey is a beagle.
Now, Bailey, you like Bailey?
How long have you had Bailey?
Three years.
Are they good dogs?
I've heard that they kind of have a rotten disposition a little bit.
They can be a little snarky, you know, a little grumbly.
Is that true or not?
They have a mind of their own.
Mind of their own, yeah.
But they're good dogs.
Well, he's certainly a handsome looking dog.
Where are you guys from?
Buffalo, New York.
What do you do in Buffalo?
I'm a bridge inspector.
Bridge inspector.
Well, you got your work cut out for you now, don't you?
Yeah.
And how did the bridges in and around Buffalo seem?
OK or not OK?
They're good.
And generally, the infrastructure, you believe, in this country, in this state, OK?
Not OK?
They need improved.
Need improvement?
We need money for improvements.
But bridges are safe.
Let's see if you can win some money here tonight.
OK.
Bailey, and what are you guys going to do?
She is going to play dead.
Play dead?
and then come alive, it says here.
Yes.
Play dead and come alive?
Okay.
Yes.
Do you need that other devil dog out here to help?
No.
How was it?
Were you backstage with that crazy dog?
How was?
He was calm until he gets the command.
Yeah, until he gets the command.
Somebody ought to look into that guy.
Okay, Bailey now.
Bailey will play dead.
What do we need to do here?
Anything, Mike?
Nothing.
Okay.
Bailey, play dead.
Play dead.
That was good.
Oh man.
Yeah.
Play dead.
Oh buddy.
Alive.
He's fine.
Okay.
That was great.
Thank you very much, Bailey.
Thank you very much, Mike.
Let's take one more look here in the slow motion.
Here's Bailey playing dead.
And hit the switch.
Clunk.
Good night, everybody.
It's Mike Bauer and Bailey.
Thank you very much, Mike.
Nice meeting you.
What time is it?
Game time!
Woo!
you
Good morning ladies and gentlemen.
It is not a matter of what is true that counts, but a matter of what is perceived to be true.
These people have known that for some time.
They have been taking advantage of that principle with regard to money for more than a few generations now.
And there are very few people on the internet who are going to tell you the truth about that.
One of them might be the Liberty Perspective.
I like that guy.
You gotta watch him on 2X.
That's a warning.
It's a compliment.
And that's Joe Marshall out of New York.
I like that guy a lot.
It's the Liberty Perspective on Rumble and on YouTube.
We need more people to read some books, ladies and gentlemen.
We need more people to be archiving the real history of America.
Besides, although Mark Kulak out of Housatomic ITS out of Boston does a really good job, we need more people doing it.
We need more people than Housatomic.
We need more people than GigaOM Biological pushing this.
There are only three classes of people, and unfortunately, if you skillfully use social media, you will inevitably put yourself into the category of those who do not see and cannot see.
Willfully blinded.
That's what skillful social media does.
That's what it does to our kids.
And if it isn't already doing it to your kids, it will if you allow them to get on social media.
Because social media creates an illusion of consensus about everything.
And with regard to the pandemic, there was this particular team of people called Team Worst Case Scenario.
And I think that America could save itself if they could realize the true meaning and role of these people, what these people represent as an admission with regards to how we are governed.
More importantly, perhaps for the rest of the world, this same cast of characters includes a number of international operators loosely associated with the Commonwealth of the United Kingdom.
And these people were also involved in creating an illusion of consensus that spanned more than just the national borders of the United States.
Because, of course, social media is something that spans more than the borders of the United States of America.
In fact, it acts almost as a cognitive octopus connecting the world.
And why would they ever want to create such a network?
Why would they ever want to create such a network of data collection, data monitoring, data coordination, and narrative coordination?
What would they use that for?
That's the question you really need to ask yourself.
Why would they want all of our children to have wearables?
Why do all of these people that purport to be part of the health freedom movement, why are so many of them selling wearables?
It's because for a very long time we have been on a limited spectrum of debate.
We have been on and in a groove of sorts, a cognitive groove that was going to guarantee that most or all of the thinking, skillfully using social media users would reach the same conclusion about the pandemic.
that coronaviruses are real, that they can be made in a laboratory, that they have spike proteins that can be toxic but also bind ACE2 receptors and also be blocked by antibodies.
And if you have enough of those antibodies and block enough of those spike proteins, then you can save yourself from an infection.
And all of these things just don't seem to add up.
And our kids understand it.
And the reason why they don't add up is because we are still the vessel through which our kids are going to be given this mythology.
We still need to believe it so that our kids believe it.
And that's why this is a once in a multi-generational opportunity to break this spell.
Unfortunately, we are the animals on the animal farm.
We have been led to believe that somehow or another there is equality and we are striving toward this utopian equality, whatever it is, where everybody has an equal opportunity and that's never been further from the case than right now.
It only takes a little common sense to see it, but unfortunately, again, skillful social media use virtually negates any common sense that you might have.
And so the only way out is non-compliance.
Get off of social media.
The truth is out there.
It's just not there.
Halloween is definitely coming.
Halloween 2025.
It's nutso.
It's absolutely nutso.
I don't know about eight years.
What's eight years with that?
Anyway, ladies and gentlemen, if you're one of the audience that's watching that went to college or graduated from high school during the pandemic, well then, here's a newsflash for you.
The only reason why you were fooled is because your parents were fooled.
That's kind of the message I'm trying to send right now.
If we hand our children over to these charlatans,
If we hand our children over to these charlatans and their descendants, their acolytes, then our kids will never get that power back.
They will never get that freedom back.
But this time could be different because these people are frauds.
These people right here.
All of these people I have personal experience with, would testify or street fight.
All of these people, I would definitely do it because they are
They are the opposite of patriots.
They are the opposite.
But I've got hope.
I've got hope because of biology, because of history, because we have a lot of choices that we can make from here on out.
Nothing is determined yet.
If we turn our backs on the internet, we learn the biology, and we hunt these people down, the truth will set us free.
That's what I think.
Intramuscular injection, ladies and gentlemen, is dumb.
Transfection of healthy people is nuts.
And RNA cannot pandemic.
That just doesn't make any sense if DNA is real special.
And that's it.
The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words.
If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words.
That's Philip K. Dick.
But that's a wonderful insight into what's happening right now.
Think about it, if you have to argue about autism and vaccines and viruses and pandemics and endemicity, then you are arguing within the trap.
That's why we like to say intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection of healthy humans was always criminal and actually was nuts.
RNA cannot pandemic and biological men can only ever be trans men.
That's the reality of things, ladies and gentlemen.
It's just not in the way that you've been fooled into believing it.
That's the trick to most of this stuff, actually.
It's pretty bizarre.
It's really pretty bizarre.
And yes, this is Gigon Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
27th of October, 2025.
crazy crazy crazy crazy i will very freely admit um from my position here let me see if i can do this quick um good morning everybody welcome to the show this is get going biological my name is jonathan cooey coming to you live from pittsburgh pennsylvania i will admit that last week i was exhausted um i was just absolutely wiped out
wiped out by the kind of overwhelming
insistence that this narrative continue and it's an overwhelming insistence from all sides right if you watch the left if you watch the right if you watch any angle from from social media even in any country's you know independent little social media bubble you can see the exact same basic progression where there is a populist conservative movement
and a woke left something something movement and these these theaters are enacted in each country and those theaters have the similar components that are skeptical of the mRNA or skeptical of the the local uh vaccine injury safety net um skeptical of the local foreign policy or even in some cases actually skeptical of the identity or sex of the leader
And so you can have a scenario like the Netherlands, a very prosperous country being slowly or even quite quickly wrecked by immigration, and then have their prime minister, who nobody liked,
Nobody respected.
Everybody thought of as kind of having sold out to interests that were not popular and not populist but more aligned with the EU.
That guy goes on to be NATO president or whatever he is, NATO chairman, and the Netherlands still hasn't inverted into this full-blown, you know, conservative, shut all the borders, everybody speaks Dutch, freak out.
Why?
because the population was already more than half foreigners.
More than half with no real ties to Dutch history and therefore just kind of slowly, that's just going to melt away.
Anything that is Dutch will be history.
anything that's Dutch will be history.
It will be a history of the tulips, and a history of shipping, and a history of windmills, and a history of canals, and a history of dyke engineering, and a history of
flaunting Western morals to the point where eventually they just kind of faded away and disappeared into the multiculturalism of the EU.
Very similar to how their neighbor Belgium is fading away.
Very similar to how France could fade away, or Germany could fade away, or any of these countries like Sweden could just fade away.
and the idea of whatever those nation states were will fade away.
At one point in time, you could find and listen to an interview of Muhammad Ali making the argument that ethnicities used to be what countries were.
If you're from Italy, you were Italian.
If you're from Germany, you're German.
If you're from Ireland, you're Irish.
If you were from Sweden, you were Swedish.
If you were from Spain, you were Spanish.
If you were from Mexico, you were Mexican.
And now,
Now it's just a passport.
And in fact, many of those previous distinctions are now considered just a conglomerate subgroup of a crayon we're not even supposed to talk about.
And those of us with a multicultural background, with a multi-ethnic background, with parents that were already multi-ethnic in many cases, now we're left with what?
Some kind of weird identity that doesn't count for anything because we have been told by social media that we are supposed to revert back to black and white and I don't know what else.
Jews, I guess.
This is the kind of intense confusion and incongruency that can only be explained by a national security state and a military operation.
There's no way we're here by accident.
There's no way we're here by bumbling chance.
There's no way we're here because social media algorithms are just yucky because they just work.
to make people participate in dopamine and something.
No way.
No way, no how.
America is here right now because we are in the middle of a controlled demolition.
And if you are outside of America, you could help us by trying to get this out, this story out, that Donald Trump is a puppet, that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a puppet, that Jay Bhattacharya is a puppet, that Marty McCary is a puppet.
and that the entire COVID pandemic was a puppeteered exercise that was coordinated across national governments.
We don't know who did it, we don't know who's at the top, but we know the American government and American insiders are very important.
We know that a lot of these social media insiders and social media actors
are strategically activated and present in particular Crown Commonwealth countries including New Zealand, Australia, South Africa, England and Canada.
And so it's not clear, I don't know, I'm not going to tell you it's the Masons or it's Crown Royal, you know, City of London people or it's ultimately the Vatican or whatever.
What I am going to tell you though is it's not the Jews.
It's not Israel.
It's not bad guys in America.
It's not Peter Thiel and Elon Musk getting together and using PayPal money to do this.
This is a coordinated campaign that creates a theater of nothingness.
And so you don't really need to explain the details of the theater of nothingness in order to call it out for what it is, in order to point out that all of these incongruencies are impossible, unless they're scripted, and that all of these people are impossibly, impossibly,
unprofound in order to be where they are.
Peter Thiel is profoundly, normally, profoundly average.
Elon Musk is profoundly average.
My goodness.
I mean, think about Jeff Bezos, how profoundly average he is, how profoundly average Zuckerberg is.
That's not by accident.
That's not because it's hard to get geniuses on camera.
That's because these people are scripted actors and the conservative movement in America that would never exist on its own exists because social media has been used to create it.
And now it will be used to destroy it, to discredit it, to fragment it, to split it all up so that the next phase can happen.
I don't know what that is, but I do know that we need to wake up and realize that that's the trap that we are in.
We need to put our hands up.
You need to admit it.
If you voted for Donald Trump, if you followed that along, you got to understand this is a crucial time in mankind's history.
And it's not that far of a leap to realize that the lifelong scripted Hollywood actor, Donald Trump would do that for a living, would do it for a billion dollar chance at making crypto money.
And now his son is supposedly selling drone parts to the U S government because we can't take drones from China anymore.
Is that a scripted joke?
Is that, is that supposed to be funny that we're just ignoring the fact that he's like come out with cryptocurrency, not Bitcoin, but other stuff that he's making millions and millions of dollars for his friends, if not billions of dollars in insider trading during this tariff theater.
And now we're being told somehow or another that his son has a drone company that now has a DOD contract.
That's gotta be a joke, right?
That this, this Teal funded guy that runs Anduril, this remote control drone missile dude guy with, you know, what is his name?
Lucky Palmer.
Are you kidding me?
America cannot, we as an earth, as a humankind cannot be this dumb.
This is a theater of actors.
It is a Lollapalooza of liars.
And it's not just the COVID thing.
It is all that we are experiencing right now on social media.
You got to first start by discounting all of it.
All of it.
And I think it's more visible than ever that you have to discount all of it.
I think most people have concluded that the creation of COVID was
probably not what they told us.
It probably didn't evolve naturally out of a pangolin in a seafood market.
And the Wuhan Institute of Virology probably played a role, the U.S.
government played a role, but it is impossible to find anyone, or has been for us anyway, to find anyone who has kind of like direct connection to any of the main players here.
None of them will do an interview, none.
You were the vice president of the EcoHealth Alliance.
You're a former military guy, tied to the intel world, you worked at a federal nuclear lab in New Mexico for years, and then you wind up at your scientist PhD, and then you wind up
working for EcoHealth Alliance in New York City.
You think it's like this World Wildlife Fund operation designed to track diseases among wildlife globally and protect the wildlife, protect the people.
It's kind of a crunchy outfit.
It's do-gooders, basically.
You show up there, you help them raise a bunch of money from the feds, and you become the vice president.
And then you discover it's not what you thought.
So that's the story that you told me at breakfast, which is an amazing story.
Thank you again for coming.
I'm going to bow out now and let you continue the story from there, assuming I've been faithful in my rendition of it so far.
That's perfectly accurate.
And thank you for having me.
This is sort of like a dream of mine.
Oh, well, I'm so excited you're here.
And because this has been gnawing at me,
You know, where did COVID come from?
And how is the U.S.
government implicated?
It clearly was, but you never meet anyone who can say that they know the players, but you do.
So with that, you show up there, you become VP of EcoHealth Alliance, the now famous EcoHealth Alliance.
And when did you start to realize this wasn't the World Wildlife Fund?
Shortly after I was working there.
So I was hired as a senior scientist to take over a... I learned after the fact, I sort of lied to you, but it was a failing department that was doing predictive forecasting and analytics.
And after I brought in all that money from the Department of Defense, I actually sort of saved EcoEarth Alliance.
It was financially on the rocks.
That $4 million really transformed the organization.
And with that and my expertise in technology, I was actually improving the systems and technology company wide.
Peter Daszak, who is the president or CEO of Equal Alliance, liked everything that I was doing.
He was very impressed.
Peter Daszak is like a figure out of history now.
I mean, Peter Daszak is like at the very center of COVID.
Oh, absolutely.
And we'll get to that.
So Peter promotes me to vice president.
And then I started attending executive meetings.
And I get involved in all the different other aspects of the company, or at least visibility to what's going on.
The main driver of funding of Equal Alliance was from this program called PREDICT.
And PREDICT was funded by USAID.
to go out and conduct global surveillance of infectious diseases to predict and forecast emerging pandemics.
At least that's what they were telling everyone they were going to do.
That seems like a virtuous thing to do, by the way.
No, and it seemed completely virtuous.
And I had actually been doing that type of research my entire career, at least as a scientist and engineer.
And I was doing that type of work at the National Laboratory.
I continued that work funded by the Defense Threat Reduction Agency when I was at Equal Alliance.
That's where the first big check comes from for $4.6 million.
And that's an interesting one that I didn't catch before.
But he says there that he used to he was funded by the Defense Threat Reduction Agency, which you will probably remember is somehow associated with this guy, Robert Malone, who's behind CHD and Merrill Nass.
And
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I mean, I don't really know how to quantify the sort of level of deep state shenanigans that this guy, Robert Malone, has been involved in.
And since he emerged as a pandemic actor in 2021, basically,
At least that's when he started to really work as a podcast actor and came out on the Joe Rogan show and the Bret Weinstein podcast among others and then just started doing the circuit sometimes as many as nine a day.
Robert Malone is kind of central to understanding why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
must be a scripted fraud.
And many of the actors that are around Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
have had direct personal interaction with me with regard to Robert Malone and interpreting him as a good guy or a bad guy.
And without fail, everybody in this narrative, from the entire book staff of Skyhorse Publishing and the staff that helped write the Wuhan cover-up book for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.,
all the way to the entire staff of CHD, Children's Health Defense, the nonprofit that is worth several millions of dollars that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was the head of until he ran for president, and Mary Holland is now still the head of after more than 10 years apparently of campaigning against the MMR vaccine.
for having caused her son's autism.
These people are nefarious actors, and that's really the only way to characterize them.
Unfortunately, they probably would not be criminally liable for what they're doing, because they probably have some kind of direct connection to a national security operation.
They have clearances.
They're a part of something that gives them the permission to pretend they're this certain.
They are auditioning for a part in a paramilitary operation on social media that is either directly or indirectly run by some government entity associated with Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
Those two people
are the most important people in American current history right now.
Those two people should be on every journalist's radar that has any remote interest in figuring out what's going on with the fraudulent Trump administration, because a large portion of what could be or is being accomplished with the Trump administration is being accomplished because HHS Secretary, NIH Director, and FDA Director are all
right now stooges people without the professional or or requisite biological expertise to know what the hell they're doing in that office and yet they are there and they are primarily acting as podcast actors they are going on podcasts talking about the stuff they're doing saying things like radical transparency or or talking about food dyes and that kind of thing and and this is malevolence
And at the same time, on the opposite side, no one seems to be able to see that these people are frauds, but instead take them very seriously as lifelong liars that have gotten away with lying for a very long time, and they don't belong where they are, but now we're screwed because we're stuck with them, and that's all so ridiculous.
It's absolutely preposterous.
And yet here we are now with a pretty significant portion of the population of America entranced by Tucker Carlson.
Even if they're skeptical of some of the people that come on Tucker's show, they think Tucker is doing a good thing.
And this is absolutely false.
Carlson has admitted more than three times in the last two years on camera in a sort of semi-fluid conscious rant about how he does lie.
It's part of his job.
He doesn't like lying.
He doesn't think it's good, but sometimes it's just necessary.
Because he's weak.
He says that out loud.
And yet somehow or another, they play some banjos.
and they show you a picture with him as a young man with Jerry Garcia, and I guess everybody thinks he's real.
put a chandelier made of deer antlers over the table, and goodness sakes, all the previously best props that were at Cracker Barrel are all collected in one room, and now you have The Ultimate Podcast with The Ultimate Podcast actors all streaming through The Ultimate Podcast set.
Once I'm promoted and I'm looking at this USAID predict program, I decided to go dig into the literature and all the technical reports to see what this is and how it actually works.
I read through this phone book of material, and I assess that it's a giant boondoggle.
There's no way that they're going to be able to predict or forecast infectious diseases.
They weren't collecting enough samples globally or in the countries where they were collecting them.
They weren't collecting the data on a systematic and routine basis, which is one of the fundamental core concepts in biosurveillance.
And you start to ask the question, well, what... So this is your area, I should just say, like, you've done a lot of research into how do you model this out?
Like, how do you collect the data?
How do you analyze it?
I make the bold claim that I'm probably one of the world's leading experts in the area.
I'm one of the few people that actually predict and forecast infectious diseases before they've occurred.
And I've done it in peer-reviewed literature.
And I was actually so bold when I built my models and tested them.
I actually had this published in, I think it was the Guardian newspaper, the New York Post, before the outbreak hit.
And this was the Zika, you remember Zika virus?
Very well, yeah.
I was working at EcoHealth Alliance when the models that I developed actually forecasted the amount of Zika virus that we'd receive in the United States and where specifically.
And I published that before it happened.
So you were very familiar with the technical details of a study of this kind, of monitoring of this.
How big does the sample have to be in order to do this?
So the devil's always in the details.
It depends on the characteristics of the infectious disease agent.
They're talking about the population, where that population is located, the type of infrastructure.
There's a lot of technical nuance because it's how healthy is the population?
What is the probability that they'll be exposed to something?
And then what are the likely transmission dynamics within that population?
And does it have the ability to go from a small isolated outbreak to an epidemic to a pandemic?
So, but because this is your specific area, you look at the details of what EcoHealth Alliance, your new employer, is now doing, and it's immediately obvious to you, like instantly obvious that this is not real.
It wasn't real, and the real crazy aspect of here is that
Once I'm promoted, I'm going to all these different meetings with the funders of the program.
So Dr. Dennis Carroll, who is the program manager, program director at USAID, who had a very close relationship with Dr. Peter Daszak.
And these fundraising events we're doing where we're telling everyone that we're going to forecast and predict these emerging infectious diseases that can cause pandemics.
And I'm sitting in the audience and I'm watching my boss and these other people telling everyone that they're doing this.
And like I mentioned, if you look at the technical reports, it's just very clear that this is not technically possible.
It begs the question, you know, as me being an ethical person and a good scientist and engineer, what are we doing here?
Right, because we're not doing the thing we said we were doing.
Exactly.
And, you know, it gets sort of darker than that real quick.
So once I'm sitting in these executive meetings, one of the first meetings that I sit in is a budget, a budget, a budget, a budget forecasting meeting.
Budget though, that's perfect.
Yeah, it's a budget meeting, good Freudian slip.
A budget forecasting meeting for the company.
What I think's happening there, and he looks up a couple times, he stumbles through some words, he's already got queued up phrases and queued up talking points that Tucker is kind of working through with him, kind of queuing him up with, making sure that he stays on the script, and he's supposed to have memorized the talking points that come after it.
Now you might think that that's a little harsh, but there's a lot of material out there from previous years of Andrew Huff rehearsing this.
rehearsing how much military speak should he use or not use, how much technical expertise should he claim to have or not, and how should he claim it.
And so this is an iteration of a narrative that anybody that was paying good attention already heard several times because he was, of course, promoted several times during the pandemic in a test sort of way.
He has streamed with somebody with a million followers like Kim.com on X, of course.
He's been interviewed a couple times by The High Wire.
He's been interviewed a couple times by CHD.
And once you start to put all of these on a calendar, it starts to become almost impossible that a guy who was given a Skyhorse book
with the subtitle something about how I uncovered the biggest lie in human history could still be struggling to reach mainstream attention and having a lifelong dream of being on Tucker Carlson finally fulfilled in the end of 2025.
The only way that's possible if we're just watching some kind of dumb theater where the script recall, sorry, the script calls for him to come up now again.
And in a few minutes, we'll go back in time.
We'll look at a couple of clips from when he was in 2022, coming onto the scene and starting to rehearse this story and who he was rehearsing it with.
And then now recall who he's with now, Tucker Carlson, and who he went on with a couple of days ago, Mary Talley Bowden, who now has a really big podcast, of course.
And each vice president in charge of the area is going around talking about our budget, how our employees are doing, you know, operations types of things, typical corporate stuff.
And, you know, I asked the question because I mean, well, how much money are we spending on wildlife conservation?
And because when I interviewed at the company and all our branding and marketing messaging was that we're doing infectious disease research to protect wildlife and engage in conservation activities or something to that effect.
So, I mean, think about this.
He's trying to tell a story that he basically, what, applied for a job that he saw online?
That he filled out an application and then they interviewed him and then they hired him and then he slowly learned what the company was about?
Really?
Is that what they want us to believe?
You know, if I would have applied for the job at EcoHealth Alliance, maybe I would be Andrew Huff.
Maybe if I would have, you know, told the story that I understood to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., maybe I would have gotten in a book.
Instead, what you see is that they basically tried as best they could to trap me into a role very similar to what this clown is doing, where I believed that there was a lab leak, and I believed that I helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write a book about it.
But unfortunately, during the writing of the book, I explained to all of them why that was ridiculous, because RNA can't pandemic.
An intramuscular injection of a combination of substances is just a dumb idea.
Why hasn't CHD said that?
That's how I got fired.
It's pretty simple.
And it's very similar to how I got fired from the University of Pittsburgh for pointing out to all of my fellow faculty members that this was just transfection being renamed vaccine.
Renaming things!
Isn't that interesting?
It's almost like controlling the language is 90% of the frickin' battle.
It was quiet and I'm looking at everyone and why is everyone sort of staring into space or staring at me?
And eventually Peter Daszak looks at me and with sort of a maniacal laugh says, we're not doing any conservation work.
Is this like a nightmare scenario?
Yeah.
I'm just, I'm just shocked.
And, you know, I came directly from the National Laboratory System, Sandia National Laboratories, and I was trying to get away from that type.
The National Laboratory System is also where Brian Hooker worked for the first 16 years of his life as a geneticist and a genetic engineer trying to make plants make medicines.
I shit you not.
So in 2013, when he came out and said that my son has autism, but I don't like the word autism.
We don't use the word autism because he was just vaccine injured.
He was neurologically damaged.
That Brian Hooker, he worked for National Laboratories for 16 years.
Interesting that this whole cast of characters that all happens to have Skyhorse books all happened to work for National Laboratories associated with genetics and now are coming out fully believing in gain of function viruses.
And they're all behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
So maybe Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is just a stooge.
Maybe he's just an idiot who is just brain fried from 12 years of addiction and brain fried from a lifetime of sex addiction and brain fried from a lifetime of lying and brain fried from a lifetime of a Truman Show populated by people like Gavin DeBecker and
everybody else around him, like Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Brian Hooker.
I was actually excited to go work at a crunchy granola nonprofit organization where I was protecting wildlife.
He's part of the Autobahn Society.
Yeah, and as we were discussing earlier, we're both avid outdoorsmen.
We love nature, that kind of thing.
And I thought I was going to get into more of that.
I was excited, like, hey, maybe I'll get a chance to have a trip out to the woods or the jungle and go protect some wildlife.
And I hear this and I'm like, OK.
And I digest it.
Of course, I don't say anything.
It's my boss, the other executives.
And then it drives more questions.
What are we doing here?
But I don't have to believe in sex addiction to reiterate the fact that that's the narrative we're being pushed, right?
Just keep that in mind.
So I sat in more executive meetings, I learned more, and I quickly learned that we were sort of functioning as a Beltway Bandit type of operation, meaning that we're trying to get large contracts and grants in our area, which is, in theory, predicting and forecasting infectious diseases, but really what we were- Maybe you forgot, but Tucker Carlson went viral about 10 years ago because he was like fly fishing in Central Park.
So he really is an avid outdoorsman.
Doing was the simplest way of explaining is that we were running around the planet collecting infectious disease samples to build a bank or a library of infectious diseases, which was
But not really samples, right?
They were actually sampling the genetics.
So they were taking samples in a very similar way that Metobiota was, which is another partner of EcoHealth Alliance and another stooge organization that was out there perpetuating the myth, seeding the myth that there is an infinite variety of, as of yet, uncataloged pathogens that are evolving in the background and waiting to jump and kill us.
And Nathan Wolf sold that story, and Peter Daszak sold that story, and here's Andrew Huff going to try and tell you that those people were covering up the fact that they actually just made this virus, which is of course absurd.
I'm starting to keep laughing.
This is so dark.
I can't help it.
The keeping laughing is the acting portion of this because he's acting as if he's never heard this before.
He's acting as if they're not following a script and that he's not keeping them on it.
Well, it was odd from the standpoint, I was still looking at this as a scientist trying to figure out what we were doing.
And there's not a ton of publication value in cataloging infectious diseases.
You can get one simple publication from identifying a new or novel pathogen in a species, but it's sort of a one and done thing.
It doesn't really drive future research, right?
So if you find you discover something, it's great, you found it, it's a publication, but that's not going to drive your next cycle of funding because typically you want to be very strategic about this.
Well, then if you start to look at the other portfolio of research at Equal Alliance and what some of my peers, other vice presidents in their areas of research, what they're up to and the places where our employees had joint employment or co-employment with in the work that they were doing, it became apparently obvious.
uh we're engaging in game it became apparently obvious you see it's a script he's trying to sound smart but actually he might not have the vocabulary that he's using and he might be making mistakes not because he's nervous but because he's lying it became apparently obvious you know function research uh and and viral discovery to make new novel pathogens
And I'm buying a newer novel pathogen in a species, but it's sort of a one and done thing.
It doesn't really drive future research, right?
So if you find you discover something, it's great, you found it, it's a publication, but that's not going to drive your next cycle of funding because typically you want to be very strategic about this.
Well, then if you start to look at the other portfolio of research at Equal Alliance and what some of my peers, other vice presidents in their areas of research, what they're up to and the places where our employees had joint employment or co-employment with in the work that they were doing, it became apparently obvious.
We're engaging in gain-of-function research and viral discovery to make new novel pathogens.
And I wanted nothing to do with it.
Well, Grand Canyon University is not like most American colleges.
It focuses on the things that actually matter.
OK, so as I said, I'm going to come back to this video.
What I want to do, first of all, is make sure that you understand that this message is a message for everyone, but it's not for anyone.
It's going to be hard for people to hear this.
It's going to be hard for them to accept the truth that American history is clouded behind lies and myths.
And many, many, many books on our shelves are a part of those myths are there on purpose because books represent a kind of investment in a set of ideas.
And if you understand that, if you don't invest like that in the truth, then the truth won't be available.
And now suddenly it should start to become obvious, if it hasn't already become so, that the opportunities that are represented by the publishing industry are amplified 10 or 100 times by the opportunities that are offered by skilled social media use.
Skilled social media use will allow people to be bamboozled in a mass way, in a way that's personalized.
And so it's no longer about the cover of a book, or the color of the cover, or the font on the cover, or the picture of the guy, or who the author is, and which talk shows they go on to promote the book anymore.
We don't even need to do that really anymore, but people are still doing it, the guise of having a book as evidence of
of scholarship is still being used.
That's why Pierre Cory has a book.
That's why Jessica Rose has a book.
That's why Robert Malone has three books.
These aren't real people with real ideas.
You can't compare their books to the books that were written by, say, for example, Buckminster Fuller, for example.
Those are books that have ideas that he's trying to offer and develop and ask for a challenge to.
The book, The Lies My Government Told Me, might as well be a novel written by an AI chatbot.
as opposed to an emu farmer in Northern Virginia.
We are being fooled.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is probably the number one victim of the American military-industrial complex.
whatever it is that's responsible for JFK and RFK and Estes Kefauver and probably, I don't know, Martin Luther King and all these others.
Oklahoma City bombing, 9-11, it's all one control grid.
Yes, I'm totally down with that.
But then that means that there are lots of actors that have been coerced and trained and brainwashed
and cajoled into performing for us and many, many more that are doing it willingly.
You know, like, I don't know, like Joe Rogan, for example, he doesn't care.
You think Jeff Bezos cares that he's fake?
Do you think Elon Musk cares that he's fake or that Peter Thiel cares if he's fake?
As long as he's part of this ruling slave trade class?
Because they're not elite.
Calling them elite is calling them what they want to be called.
Call them slavers, because that's what they are.
Slavers don't care about race.
Slaver is a class.
And we are not in that class.
This is for all the marbles.
They want our grandchildren in the slave class.
And social media is the way that we will voluntarily enslave ourselves if we are not careful.
and we will voluntarily enslave our children if we are not careful.
What should be happening in the Biden administration right now that isn't going on?
Yeah, there are two main things that they should be doing in the days that they have left.
The first is to get testing out there.
I feel like we should have learned our lesson from COVID that just because we aren't testing, it doesn't mean- So at the end of 2024, before the handover to Trump, they had Liana Nguyen still on TV now talking about bird flu.
And you might think, oh yeah, but that's the TV narrative.
That's the way this works.
But no, because actually the anti-vax movement was also talking about bird flu.
And you just said you're not seeing any difference in the pasteurized milk.
Pasteurization is not designed to get rid of viruses.
It is just not able to get rid of viruses.
So viruses will persist in pasteurized milk.
The only reason we pasteurize milk is so it doesn't spoil quickly, so we can have it last for a longer period of time.
So, you know, there is the, you know.
So in 2013, Brian Hooker didn't use the word autism.
In the early 2000s, this chick
was on over 90 billboards in the UK bringing awareness to autism by putting herself out there in a bra.
And, according to those billboards, also swaying more than 6 million votes for Prime Minister.
Now she has a palatial estate in Austin, Texas.
Not that far away from where Andrew Wakefield also has an estate in Austin, Texas.
You know that, that far away from where Joe Rogan has an estate in Austin, Texas.
You know that, that far away from where Barry Weiss has a university in Austin, Texas.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is one fraudulent, malevolent show of actors that are part of the controlled demolition of American culture.
The fake health freedom movement is the controlled demolition of American culture.
The lifelong now fraud of Pauly Tommy and Brian Hooker is a UK-US trader organization.
cooperation.
You want to see conspiracy?
It is UK actors, Commonwealth actors, acting with clowns at CHD and behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
propelling this fake conservative movement in America right now.
These people are all very, very bad people on a very shitty script, playing very shitty fraudulent roles, fooling young people in America.
The last bastion of freedom on earth is being demolished culturally by being undermined.
But the only people that should be good on the internet are actually actors.
The safety benefits of pasteurization against avian influenza really, really don't exist.
But avian flu influenza definitely exists.
And so even though we all have a timeline, and I have been trying to teach these people for so long what's going on, I was fooled at some point, by drastic.
I was fooled until about July 2020, and then I got fooled again, because July 2020, after I said we shouldn't transfect kids, and after I said they're lying about a background with bullshit PCR,
That's when my life got turned upside down, because that's when I met all these people.
That's when Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
said he wanted to support me.
That's when Senator Ron Johnson called me.
And for the next three years, I was played by all these people to keep my mouth shut, or to yell in the wrong direction, or to chase the wrong ghosts, in hope that I would too end up believing that indeed it was a lab leak, and they did cover it up, but I never fell for it.
I tried desperately to get some of these people to stop saying it, and they never did.
And they still won't, because they are all part of a national security theater.
The same as Tucker Carlson, the same as Jay Bhattacharya, the same as Aseem Malhotra, the same as Veera Sharma, or Pierre Cory, or Ryan Cole.
Not the same as my friend Nathan, who's now dead because him and his family took a shot that I couldn't convince him not to take.
And so I try to describe these people as accurately as possible, and I think the most accurate description is Team Worst Case Scenario.
It is a group of people that was scripted with different complementary narratives that would provide sufficient smoke and mirrors for people to get lost for a few years.
the no viruses at all people did that, the people who said we needed to fear the natural viruses because they're all over the place, and the people who said that we needed to fear gain-of-function RNA molecules.
It's all one malevolent show because no matter who you argued with or what time team you defected to, you were always going to in the end believe that COVID came, that it was really nasty, and that it could come again because they can make them.
And so this team worst case scenario was on social media.
And when they are on social media and you interact with them, it really feels like you're doing something.
It really feels like, you know, that you're gonna convince people.
And if you tweet the right thing, or you post the right post on Facebook, or you make the right movie, if you're somebody riding their bike and trying to do something real on social media, if you think you're gonna make the right stream, or say the right thing, or the right slide deck is gonna snap everybody out of it, if you just show it to these people, you're wrong.
because I presented more than a few hours to all of these people on multiple occasions over multiple years and they just ignored me.
Wow, you're the smartest guy we've ever heard of.
God.
And they're still in front of America and in front of a lot of the other countries right now.
They're still doing their show.
They're still touring the world.
Even Robert Malone was just recently trying to establish a European version of Maha not three weeks ago.
So it's important to put these into perspective.
Trial Site News, terrible, a wonderful resource to find out who was acting in front of us.
Because everybody that was on Trial Site News was basically part of Team Robert Malone.
So from looking at the predict partner, so we had Metabiota, which has a checkered pass.
If you go search into Metabiota, Nathan Wolf led that.
So the first thing you're going to notice here is that Robert Malone and
And Andrew Huff are going to enact a similar kind of script where they're kind of working it out together.
They know that they have a common list of things they want to say, and they're going to pretend as though they haven't worked it out in advance by using language that seems to imply this is the first time we've talked about it.
And also what I find very curious about this interview from three years ago is the amount of military lingo that they try to throw in here.
And I'm not sure if that's to give
his background a more military
feel to it, or whether it's to give Robert Malone's background a little more military feel to it.
Sometimes it's hard to tell whether this interview is more about blowing sunshine up Robert Malone's, you know, image by trying to make it seem like he's the old, you know, wise man with all this experience talking to this younger guy about this stuff that they both know a little bit about.
And it's a remarkable rehearsal.
It's a remarkable audition.
And if you think about the fact that this is just before his book comes out, I think, or just after, it's very, very curious.
An organization, and there were a number of disputes with foreign countries over insurance they were going to provide, or informing insurance policies based on their pandemic prediction models, as I recall.
Very strange.
I think I saved one of my friends who said that he wanted to go work at Meda Ballera, and I told him that, no, you don't want to do that, while I was working at EcoHealth.
Let me just show you here the chat on PeerTube.
Don't I have that here?
Here it is.
That's the chat on PeerTube.
There's Ted B. And there's AM23GP.
So the thing is, there's no real login right now.
We haven't worked that out yet.
There's a script that needs to be done so that the login on the soapbox will also work with the PeerTube.
We're trying to figure that out, but that's beyond my skill set.
So right now you kind of have to just make a...
come up with a screen name and use it, and then you can chat right there.
And I can put it up on the screen and see it there.
I believe that should be the current chat.
Anyway, I just wanted to let you know, yes, that's how it works.
There's no real log in there.
Thanks for being here, though.
We had these three organizations, and even though that UC Davis was the prime,
Each organization was always fighting with the other organizations for who could have the most country.
So they're all fighting for control of the program.
And the strange thing- Just to say control of the money.
Control of the money, yes.
So UC Davis School of Vet Med was the prime contractor and you were a subcontractor in this.
Is that right?
Technically, but it was never treated that way.
And Dr. Gassig made it a priority for us to do really well at the time so we could have more of the pie, so to speak, which makes sense.
What didn't make sense either retrospectively or when I was involved was that there were sort of frenemies, all the different organizations.
So we had to share genetic data or other data that were being collected and put into collective databases.
What
It's very strange because I felt like equal health, at least as far as I could tell, was the only one that was collecting intelligence.
for potentially the agency, I guess.
But that doesn't mean that that's reality, because it's hard for me to believe that a bunch of- Remember, one possibility is that Andrew Huff himself is not sophisticated enough to know whether the documents that he reads are plausible biologically, or what stage they might be in after he reads the document and then talks to somebody about it.
He might not have the requisite molecular or biological knowledge.
to know the fraud that infectious clone technology is and that it's just recombinant DNA made in large pure quantities and then transfected into cell cultures.
He himself doesn't need to know that and in fact it is
It is highly likely that he lacks the biological knowledge to know that gain of function is ridiculous and instead is being played right here as we speak by somebody who maybe he was put inside of that organization.
Maybe he was put in there by somebody else under some other pretenses and now he's starting to find out why he might've been put in there.
and what his role might be as he's out of there now.
I don't really know how to gauge this, but I do know for sure that these two feel as though they're feeling each other out on camera, but in a semi-artificial way.
They are more familiar with one another than what they are pretending to be in this video.
but they're still work colleagues somehow.
Academics at UC Davis can be sucked into the intelligence collection activity.
And if you look at the countries that Equal Health Alliance was assigned, they would be the high-risk bioterrorism countries or countries that would potentially have bioweapons programs that we'd be concerned with.
And I don't know if that was by design or just random chance.
And this was, this was USAID money or this was, uh, this was USAID money.
So the prediction, the prime contract was USAID to UC Davis vet med, and then you were technically subs to them.
Correct.
Okay, cool.
And how many other subs?
It was EcoHealth and- Well, then once you get to the subs of the subs, that's where it gets really interesting.
So once you contracted and once you work through a country like Jordan, for example, then we'd contract usually with a research institution if we could, a university, maybe a ministry of agriculture, a ministry of health or- Okay, so those were your subs, secondary subs.
But you were the EcoHealth was the prime sub to School of Vet Med?
Okay, so the money pipeline goes USAID, School of Veterinary Med, you've named the program officer, we can hunt down their academic appointment in their department, and then it goes to EcoHealth for the countries that are higher risk for, I'm assuming,
let's just say nefarious activities, and then you would contract for your surveillance and data gathering activity with in-country expertise.
So you were basically washing USAID money and engaging with
useful entities and individuals in those regions.
And as I recall from my interactions with various of these players, one of the main objectives is to move towards some sort of general data gathering capability
that would allow early warning signals to be detected, suggestive of some regional player messing about with things and causing some cluster of outbreak signal that would have an unusual pattern in terms of
various laboratory markers.
It's surprisingly Bret Weinstein-esque.
This is like the Steven Seagal of podcasting, Bret Weinstein or Lex Friedman, trying to find as many words as possible to use between point A and point B.
Basically what he's saying here is that a surveillance program that would look for outbreak signals like a cluster of cases that was standing out as odd in the background and he says it with as many obfuscating words as possible and then he's gonna say something like good copy or something like that and it's ridiculous.
diagnostic findings that would be potentially picked up through cellular traffic or other types of information feeds.
Does that sound about right?
That sounds about right.
The bigger picture, the 10,000 foot level now to the ability that would actually be effective.
I don't think it is.
I mean, there's a simple way and you're a medical doctor.
I mean, the only way that you're going to pick this up is if you clinically diagnose someone and you test something and you find it in a sample.
Using a lot of corollary data, which is after
the event, so to speak, is not necessarily the best way to collect this type of intelligence and for the biological samples that they were collecting, they weren't collecting sufficient sample sizes, and they weren't systematically or routinely collecting samples through the PREDICT program.
It was almost laughable at the size of the budget.
So that's one of your main points, is that if this was intended for its purported purpose, it was poorly designed for that, and so you believe, or you're suggesting, because of the exclusive focus on coronavirus, and particularly MERS-like viruses, which at the time everybody was scared silly about, in retrospect,
you know, in any case, clearly things have played out otherwise.
But so you were being engaged to operate in largely the Middle Eastern desert communities that were more politically risky to
specifically perform surveillance for MERS-like coronaviruses that may be circulating in those populations in terms of the physical sample collection activity as opposed to the information processing technology.
Over.
Good copy.
So my take on that is
Well, first of all, I volunteered for the North African and Middle Eastern countries based on my combat experience in the Middle East.
I knew because of those experiences, I understood the culture, where the risks probably could be from actually going over there and having to do the work and politically how to handle situations.
Because a lot of this I realized was just very political.
It was very difficult.
And you were, at the time, you were SOCOM or you were Army or what?
Please keep in mind.
Let me just go over here really quick right behind me here You can see that I have a jewel sign behind my one that this is my one phage and then up there I have another phage so I'm coming to you every day from between two phages and actually that that that light right there is a jewel light that I got off of a
That I got off of Craigslist in 2020 Or maybe 2021 And it's not there for nothing just so you know Just so you know, it's not there for nothing Not there for nothing When I was in Iraq
Yeah.
So my first appointment, I served in OIF, the end of OIF2 and all of OIF3, which would have been the end of 2004, all of 2005, when things were pretty intense, and then left at the very end of 2005.
Operation Iraqi Freedom, OIF, is that what he said?
You were combat?
Oh, you're infantry, you're about to say, OK.
OK.
So I served in the heat of it.
I actually have PTSD.
It'd be funny if Robert Malone said, I have PTSD, too.
I worked for this crazy Indian named Inder Verma.
He was a jackass.
I have nightmares and a heightened sense of anxiety from it, but it's sort of a joke that I think about halfway through our deployment,
40 or 45% of my company were on either antidepressants or sleep medications and everybody had issues and nobody was really talking, talking about that everyone started talking about it so yeah we actually you know I served in the height of it fought in the height of it.
I get it.
Okay.
So, so that's your, your, your kind of got a battlefield experience, cultural awareness, um, uh, field operational cape.
Look at him.
Look down at his script.
We're trying to make you into as much of a superhero as possible without making you seem too much like Deadpool, but abilities.
and that are kind of have to do with your cultural awareness.
And so you feel comfortable operating in those theaters, and that was, you were tasked with, and that was an unmet need that EcoHealth was helping fulfill.
How do you, what is your inference about the exclusive focus on the coronavirus collection?
How did that operate?
Were they going collecting camel poop or?
blood samples from camel drivers or what was going on there?
Well, the first thing that we always do is you look at the budget and you look at the budget and see how much can we accomplish with these funds and how low of a rate can we negotiate with the partner.
So then right away, viral isolation is very expensive for a sample.
So then you start looking at that cost and figuring that into the budget, travel, all these things, the necessary costs.
Then you take a look at it and say, well, let's see what we can get.
So can we get fecal samples?
Can we get sputum or some kind of nasal swab?
or any other excretions from the antelope you know you want to collect as many samples of different types of fluids because you never know you're going to find something and that's that's a it's a fishing expedition that's not really surveillance by definition either because the definition of surveillance is the systematic collection of samples or information to then hopefully get an early warning to prevent something from happening.
while fishing for going on a... And that's not... he's not going too far away from advocating that I just want to do it right.
I would be able to run an organization that would do it right.
Any real surveillance would be all the time and ongoing.
It's almost like he's arguing that EcoHealth Alliance had it right on paper but was lying in person.
And so he seems to be scripted with a certain set of expertise that might be useful in the future.
Isn't that weird?
global hunt for viruses is not a systematic collection of information.
So back to the state admission of what the project program was and what they were claiming to do, it wasn't doing any of those things.
It was simply just collecting information and hunting for viruses, which I found.
And I can tell you from working closely with the DITRA chem biodefense folks, they're not always the sharpest tools in the shed and they could,
you know, they, my sense is they often see their mission space as more pilot program like, not.
And so nevermind DITRA, they're just dumb and they just do pilot programs.
They don't even take their own work seriously.
Imagine saying that when both these people have worked for DITRA, they've gotten money from DITRA, but DITRA doesn't really do anything.
They're just kind of a pilot program type thing.
Imagine that.
It's almost like they're on a script to make sure that nobody ever looks at DITRA, the organization that was supposedly going around the world, making sure that everybody disassembled and put away their nukes carefully.
Not a more comprehensive operational.
They're often trying to prove a concept that then gets passed off to bigger funding.
Does that comport with your experience?
Yeah, absolutely.
And it depends on the program manager that gets assigned to your project.
Some program managers are very much go-getters, want to be involved, are interested.
And some program managers are just passing their time to get a good review on their portfolio so they can make the next lateral movement or advance in Washington, D.C.
They were part of the Emerging Pandemic Threats Program.
But what became weird was every time we were operating in a different country is that you'd get the USAID people in the mission assigned to that country and whatever State Department people were associated with it.
So there's a lot of appointees.
So it was a wide variety of characters.
There were certain leadership personnel that were always involved.
But depending on which country that shifted dramatically, but I didn't ask answer your earlier questions on that about the funding and how this ties back into equal health alliance so there are a number of organizations funding equal health alliance.
So private foundations the Google Foundation the school foundation.
So a lot of big foundations funding one-off projects.
And just because it's a non-profit organization does not mean that it's not profitable.
So we're actually quite profitable, especially when I start bringing money into the organization.
Things were improving, profits were increasing at the organization.
I mean, if CHD is paying Brian Hooker a quarter million dollars a year, and paying Mary Holland a quarter million dollars a year, and paying Pauly Tommy's film production company a quarter million dollars a year, and paying other people, you know, a hundred thousand dollars a year, you can see very quickly, if they have 70 employees, then... If they have 70 employees building a big top tent for health freedom with no real...
tangible goals.
And that's where we are.
A fake conservative populist movement in America that is basically headed by state puppets.
Deep state puppets.
NATO puppets.
I don't know what kind of puppets they are.
CDC puppets?
Maybe?
Pharma puppets?
I don't know.
Ditra puppets, maybe?
It's not my job to figure out who pays the frauds, but definitely it should be somebody's job to pay, to figure out who pays these frauds because they are paid to be in front of us.
They are put in front of us.
They are programmed to be in front of us.
And now, four years after this video, Tucker Carlson is promoting this guy as a real whistleblower about a gain of function virus
produced in Wuhan, China, the exact same lie that the former director of the Health and Human Services, or sorry, former director of the Human Genome Project, the research and development director, Kevin McKernan, also told
on a podcast, the same story that Charles Rixey was put out there to tell, the same story that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has been scripted to tell, the same story that so many of these people are out there scripted to tell when it is a fantasy, it is a mythology that is necessary for the deep state operation, the national security state operation of the pandemic to take full hold in the next generation.
The only skeptical adults can be the skeptical adults that think we made it.
Now, listen carefully to this.
I'm just going to show you this piece of paper.
It's not very well organized.
But I've been trying to think about this.
So the coronavirus, JFK, and 9-11 are all big conspiracy theories in the past.
And they all seem to have a too
Basic two narrative either the US government did it but we don't really have any control because it's kind of natural Or the US government or somebody did it because it's a man-made disaster and they're super evil and they can control everything JFK it's kind of the same thing either.
It's like they have no control.
It's just there's some evil people in the world some bad actors or there's complete control and
And so much complete control that they can kill the president and his brother and get away with it.
And no one ever knows, even though there's lots and lots of books written.
I know that that's not a perfect thing yet.
It's just something I jotted down while I was listening to this now.
And then 9-11 is kind of the same thing.
It's no control because it's just Islamic terrorists.
You know, they're just dicks and they hate our freedom.
And that's a less evil,
than if there were space lasers and it was done on purpose because they wanted to get the Patriot Act in or collect insurance or the Jews did it.
And so what's weird is that in this narrative, the Jews almost so maybe did it.
In this narrative, the Jews also maybe did it.
And so it's a strange place that we are because there is a conservative populist movement, a subsect of which believes that the Jews did all of this.
There's a conservative populist movement that believes that, of course, the Jews didn't do it.
It's the bankers that did all of this.
And there is a part of the conservative movement that thinks that Americans, like the Masons, or Freemasons did it, or the City of London does it, and the Vatican does it.
But it's an all-powerful control of the narrative, time and time again.
So you might as well just go limp and not fight it.
Now the extraordinary thing about it is, is that all of the actors in front of us now, all of them,
have opined about all of these narratives and opined about all of these narratives specifically about the natural or the lab leak or the bad guys or the the CIA or it's the
it's the the bad guys or it's the jews right and the cia so it's a very strange kind of dichotomy of bullshit that we are presented with each time and then each time we are presented with a cast of characters arguing about these possibilities and it is striking
And credit Mark Kulak for pointing this out.
It is striking that now, in 2025, the 9-11 narrative need to be opened and curated again by none other than Tucker Carlson, also featured on the RFK frontline thing.
Tucker Carlson also did a lot on JFK and RFK.
Tucker Carlson was key to the coronavirus, promoted...
drastic in 2021 as an organization started by by Mr. Jamie Metzl.
And so it's really strange right now that actually American history and our interpretation of it due to our skillful use of the internet could actually set us free.
because each one of these narratives is curated in a very similar way.
It's just evolved over time as our access to people's consciousness has become more and more complete.
In the time of RFK, we had newspapers and magazines and a couple of TV programs.
In the time of 9-11, we had a little bit more than that.
And then in coronavirus, now we have really the next generation of social media out there so that the compartmentalization, the personalization of your own reality is now very possible.
And people can focus on exactly what they want to focus on for their entire day.
And so the vast majority of people that don't want to see will never see.
The very small minority that would like to see will only see this, and more importantly will only see a nearly infinite sea of actors arguing about this script and accepting the basic premises of the mystery science theater that is recent American history.
And they would love it if Andrew Huff could be another character in that story for you, because the more characters there are that are not at all relevant for reality, the more enslaved you become.
Well, what does a nonprofit do with basically unrestricted funds?
You invest that back into research.
And I think Dr. Malone, you'll understand this, but I think a lot of people outside of science don't understand the simple fact.
When you submit a proposal to a sponsoring entity, whether that is a drug manufacturer, the pharmaceutical industry, the U.S.
government agency, you typically already have the first work done in the proposal before you submit it.
Now that's a funny thing for him to say, isn't it?
Because that's exactly the same thing that I'm quoted as saying in the Wuhan cover-up book, and it's exactly the same thing that four years later, three years after this interview, Kevin McKernan was scripted to say on the Danny Jones podcast.
scripted to say that when you submit a grant, you already have it done.
It's funny that he said that in 2022 in an interview with Robert Malone, the deep state actor that has been scripting Meryl Nass and Mary Holland and the actors of CHD for a decade.
Very strange that the same thing was said by the former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project on a podcast with millions of followers on a podcast hosted by a guy who was encouraged to podcast by Hulk Hogan, the beneficiary of Peter Thiel, our gay space vampire leaders, you know, lawsuit against Gawker.
It's a very small little club of shitheads and he's auditioning to be a part of it in 2022.
And it looks like his dreams have finally come true in 2025 because he got on Tucker.
And if you really, ideally you have about the first year of results, if not the first third of the proposed scope.
I was just going to go there and I get the best scientists.
They know I have a friend that is actually three years ahead in his, his grant site cycle funding.
I have a friend, he's black, so I'm not racist.
I have a friend and he's on tenure track and he's three years ahead on his grant schedule.
Therefore, I have evidence that everybody does it this way.
It's so dumb.
And you become so good at this that there's no... The reason why it's dumb is because academic grants are that way.
But DARPA grants and DITRA grants and DOD grants are not.
And anybody that's in that field that claims to have gotten billions of dollars from
from the government and helped people get billions of dollars and sat on committees that gave away billions of dollars would frickin' know that.
That's why people in DITRA and DARPA think of themselves as doing pilot projects because they're doing experiments that they proposed to do but haven't tried because responding to a grant call that's way outside of their defined expertise in terms of science.
Ladies and gentlemen, this stunt is over.
This show is over.
As soon as the world wants to wake up to the fraud that is happening in America right now, we can turn this ship around.
We could stop whatever is going on in Israel.
We could restore the national borders and the currencies of the individual countries of the EU.
We could end the EU Central Bank.
We could end the Fed.
We could just do these things if we wanted to, but it cannot be done.
on social media.
It will never happen if we try to skillfully use social media against these people.
It can't happen if we use their vocabulary against them.
And it won't happen if we try to use their provided heroes as proxies by sending this guy an email and convincing him of something you're not gonna help.
easier money or money to obtain or get than the work that you've already completed.
And you sort of sit on it, you polish it, and then you start to get to this point where you can cut and paste out of it.
Okay, so you know, everybody's got a timeline, right?
Everybody has a timeline.
So let's just keep working in this timeline.
It would be terrible, wouldn't it?
It would be absolutely terrible.
if his timeline in 2022 contained an Alex Jones appearance, wouldn't it?
It would just be terrible.
So you have to ask yourself, you know, when the hell is this insanity going to stop?
I mean, we have to do something about it.
That's why I wrote the book.
And, you know, I realized the psyop that's been going on against the American people is this.
They try to confuse this whole discussion about the origin of SARS-CoV-2 or COVID.
Just so you know, if you have this book and you want to send it to me, please do so.
You can send it to the P.O.
Box.
It's actually one of the only Skyhorse books that I don't have on my shelf.
I realized that today when I was looking.
I was looking at all the red books and I realized that I didn't have this one.
And I should really have it.
I should have an autograph copy of it, damn it.
By talking about this detailed minutiae of virology.
So I actually became friends with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
He called me up.
Now remember my timeline, right?
I just showed you my timeline a minute ago.
My timeline over here involves meeting Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
because he called me
In my, you know, in my yard, I just picked up the phone and then like a half an hour later, Senator Ron Johnson called me.
That all happened to me in 2022.
And so that's an interesting story.
It happened to me when I was saying that we're arguing about all this minutiae about viruses when we don't even know what's in the background.
We can't possibly be using PCR to pull a specific signal out of a background of infinity.
And that's when I got a phone call from Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
That's when I was being harassed by Brett Weinstein.
That's when I got a phone call from Senator Ron Johnson for the first time.
So we're talking about four years ago, ladies and gentlemen.
This is a long, long time ago that this kind of shit was happening already.
And Andrew Huff was doing this performance as well in 2022.
Now it's interesting what he says in this video.
Think about it again.
So you have to ask yourself,
you know, when the hell is this insanity going to stop?
I mean, we have to do something about it.
That's why I wrote the book.
And, you know, I realized the PSYOP that's been going on against the American people is this.
They try to confuse this whole discussion about the origin of SARS-CoV-2 or COVID by talking about this detailed minutia of virology.
So, I actually became friends with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
He called me up and it was a really interesting conversation.
He said, you know,
I heard that you're from Ecolith Alliance, you worked in all these places.
I hear that you're getting harassed by the CIA.
My family and I have really interesting history with the CIA.
And it blew my mind.
And so he sent me an autographed copy of his book, told me to read it.
you know, he covers everything so well there, I realized they've been bogging everyone down with the detailed technical minutiae of virology.
So nobody can understand it.
I mean, people at my level can barely understand a lot of the technical detail.
It actually takes me some time to read through these virology papers.
So what I do in this book is I break it down in layman terms so that a high school student can understand.
Why are they putting this footage
Why is Alex Jones putting this footage, the footage of John F. Kennedy getting shot in the background of the whistleblower on the COVID pandemic and the gain-of-function virus that EcoHealth Alliance helped USAID and the Wuhan lab make?
I don't understand.
What has happened here?
And I firmly believe if we can make every American understand, and you know, I'm an educator.
I love teaching.
I want everyone to be able to.
He's an educator.
He loves teaching.
Stop lying.
That's amazing.
Wow.
Understand that we can prevent this from ever happening again.
And that's really my goal here.
It's just incredible.
And you've got so much courage.
But what I get from this at first, you were just trying to be helpful.
And then they came after you and describe some of that harassment for folks that don't know what this is like.
Yeah, it was really strange.
I mean, so the first thing that happens is that military-grade quadcopter drones are hovering around my house.
Military-grade quadcopter drones were hovering over his house, very similar to what is happening in the Ukraine, where the Ukraine is using hundreds of drones to effectively counter all Russian attacks.
And these FPV drones are being supplied by Chinese company DJI.
and other companies.
And the drone company DJI is not going to be allowed in America starting in December of this year.
And it just so happens that Donald Trump Jr., his son, has decided to go into the drone business and has a company that's ready and willing to provide the drones that DJI and its subsidiaries are no longer allowed to supply because the U.S.
government isn't going to make that allow them to be legal anymore.
Now, that's an independent discussion.
DJI and its software could be proprietary.
And also spy software it's possible, but the bottom line is is that there's plenty of DJI equipment in America right now and It's being used right now for a wide variety of commercial applications fulfilling a wide variety of government contracts and all those drones and all that equipment will no longer be legally useful
to a lot of these contractors and I know that firsthand because there are people that do that kind of stuff in Pittsburgh and I have friends who do it because my son and I have started flying FPV drones and so when we go to the park and fly people come over and talk to us and we've met a few people that do the kind of
construction land mapping that you do with a drone and it's kind of boring because the drone is flying itself on a GPS-coordinated program path.
And so, you know, we joke around a lot with these guys that we have met because, you know, we fly and they don't fly.
And yet here he is in 2022 seeding a narrative about his Upper Peninsula, Upper Michigan house being
first surveyed by military military grade i'm not sure how he's able to judge that from his experience of what a military grade drone looks like flying over his house i'm not sure how far away the operator would be it doesn't seem like he really cares but the story gets much better
And I get really freaked out about this.
I mean, I live in a remote area, and my driveway is a mile long.
I live in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
It's one of the most remote areas of Lower 48.
Everyone speculates that I moved here to run from the deep state, and the reality is I'm still connected to a lot of people in the deep state.
That's so weird because he told the story on that podcast with Robert Malone and he tells it with others that he actually bought the house in Upper Peninsula because of the COVID.
He says that, that he bought the house up there because of COVID, he moved up there because of COVID, he bought MREs, and he says all that shit.
So, it's a very bizarre lack of consistency in his narrative.
Again, because you gotta adjust the script until you really get a role.
I worked with these people for years, some of them are great scientists, not all the bureaucrats are bad, some are terrible, obviously.
So that's what's happening, and I go to law enforcement, we call up the local sheriff's department, state police, and they verify seeing all these weird drones out here.
People out hunting, and my neighbors see all these drones, and it just continues to escalate.
He has a property that has a mile-long driveway, and he's about to tell you that at a certain moment he's willing to shoot at other people, but he never shot at the drones.
If I had a mile long driveway on my hundreds of acres property and I saw a drone over my house and I had guns, why wouldn't you shoot it?
What would stop you from shooting that drone with a deer rifle?
and filling it full of 30-odd-six.
Why is that missing from this story?
And yet in the next five minutes, he's gonna tell us about shooting at an unknown number of people on his property and being unafraid to pull the trigger, according to what he told Del Bigtree on the High Wire interview, 150 rounds.
I've never shot 150 rounds in a single trip to the gun range.
Never in my life have I shot 150 rounds.
I can't afford to shoot that many bullets.
It's like crazy.
When I start getting followed by teams of people everywhere I go, complex tailing operations, five to 10 vehicles.
A shotgun would be great for a drone, by the way.
You know, there's a crazy moment that happens and it's in the book.
I think it's around December 12th is a specific date.
The U.S.
government hovers a Coast Guard helicopter over my house.
I snap a picture of it and I started laughing because at first I thought maybe I'm like, this is, you know, contractors, you know, hired by the Chinese or what happens in these situations is that the U.S.
government will sometimes work with foreign intelligence agencies to conduct illegal domestic operations.
This is well documented.
But no, it's actually the U.S.
government doing these things.
And, you know, I started experiencing hacks on my devices.
My wife, every... A Coast Guard helicopter?
Like, what?
We started experiencing these hacks probably at a rate of every two weeks.
So I'm spending a fair amount of time just trying to keep a computer, you know, a network operational, devices operational.
They try to delete and wipe all my Equal Health Alliance records, which I just posted on Twitter.
How did they try to delete them?
It's such a wild claim to make.
It's such a ridiculously wild claim to make.
I saved it for this big moment so I could release those today.
So you should go check.
He saved it for this big moment so that he could release them today.
Why aren't those documents in a few other places then?
You know, a trusted friend's house on a hard drive or a bank deposit box on a hard drive.
What is he talking about?
It's so dumb.
those out and download those if they want to see the original.
The ties to the Rockefeller Foundation, the Google Foundation, Welcome Trust.
I mean, it's just some really damning stuff.
Metabiota, which has ties to Hunter Biden.
And please, everybody on the radio, tell people your Twitter address.
AGHUFF.
And so here we are promoting the new social media as the town square, the place where the truth is getting out the same way that the former research and development director of the human genome project, Kevin McKernan did on every podcast that he was ever on in 2020 beyond.
Always saying that the truth is getting out on Twitter.
Follow me on X, follow me on Twitter from 2020 onward.
So of course the buyout of Twitter and the renaming of it as X as part of Elon Musk's rise to freedom fighter, that's all staged, scripted bullshit too?
Of course it is.
It is.
And let's scroll through that to show viewers.
This is incredible.
Do you understand that the reason why Twitter originally started with 140 characters was because they were training chatbots with it?
And so if you're training a chatbot and it's still in the infinite stages of development, then you can't start with more than 140 characters and you've got to challenge your trainers.
to succinctly summarize their thoughts with 140 characters.
And what does that do?
That teaches the chatbot how to use a minimum amount of words to convey a maximum amount of information.
And then you can get flowery with it.
Then you can add grammar.
Then you can add
sophistication and nuance and so when the chatbot had been trained sufficiently they started rolling them out and asked people to approve of them and at the same time they expanded the number of characters that could be used by super users on X because now we're ready for the chatbot to be trained with more more in-depth language do you see it's all we've participated
skilled social media use in the last 10 years has largely provided the training data necessary for the chatbots that we're now being bamboozled by.
Don't you see it?
Please continue.
So, you know, it continues to escalate.
So I finally realized that my only way out of this, because I actually really feared for my life, I didn't know whether or not they were going to try to put a hit on me.
It's just hard to know, because you can't figure it out.
So I'm contacted or approached by a number of people.
Some are probably intelligence assets.
Actually, some of them I identify.
So I can trace some of this back to the FBI, the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Department of Homeland Security.
I mean, I was a little bit soup of agencies they went to, and they actually partnered up with the Michigan State Police.
Fast forwarding through this story, that harassment just continued to escalate.
They actually backdoored my security system on my house and I figured out how they did it.
It was a closed system.
I put it in after all this harassment started happening.
They dumped, they did some real petty stuff.
They dumped acid in my wood boiler.
I had a new high efficiency wood boiler.
So they broke into his house and dumped acid into his wood boiler.
Now remember what this means.
That means that somebody came onto a property whose borders are one mile from the house.
And then they poured acid in his wood burner and then they ran away, I guess.
I mean, these are some very remarkable claims that he's been allowed to get away with and is now being promoted as a real guy by Tucker Carlson.
And if we just come to our senses and realize that these people are scripted actors all the way up to Robert F. Kennedy jr, even if he's just an idiot,
We can save America, or at least save Americans from this.
Boiler installed, they dumped acid in the tank.
Stay there.
This is incredible.
And then let's come back and talk about what it is you discovered and how you've reverse engineered what really happened.
We got to get you back again, too.
Wow.
Because we need to really promote this.
This is huge.
We'll be right back.
See, we're finishing up with the harassment.
Then let's get into what they don't want us to know, how you reverse engineered this, working in these labs, what you know they really did, and where this is all going, Doctor.
Wow.
There are a number of peer-reviewed publications that came out recently that look at this from a Bayesian or statistical approach, which say, what's the probability of this occurring in nature?
And there is no chance, it's highly improbable, it's one in the billions that this could emerge from nature.
Now, if you go back, then you look at some of the other publications that came out over the past year, really, since they started clamping down on me.
So the funny part here is, if they would have let me come forward a year ago, this story wouldn't have been as big, because other scientists who did some great work proved that certain aspects of the genetics of the SARS-CoV-2 virus had been patented
by the likes of Moderna, NIH, and Dr. Ralph Baric.
So that's a paper that came out of the University of Pittsburgh by a guy who works on breast cancer.
So he's got a breast cancer lab at the University of Pittsburgh and he wrote a paper about this reversed Moderna sequence.
It was a paper that not very many people followed, but this guy actually met me for coffee in person in Pittsburgh a few years ago and tried to convince me that he went to
medical school with Jeremy Marks, which is something weird that also Robert Malone has said in an interview.
Anyway, this guy from the University of Pittsburgh had four authors on the paper and claimed that there was, you know, a statistically zero level of chance that this thing would just be in there and that it's reversed because, you know, they used it in cell culture, yada yada yada, and here's him
Citing that paper now and that paper is is extreme bullshit again because remember it's all Resting on the presumption that the sequence that was reported in Wuhan is a sequence that has no errors in it It is a hundred percent
high fidelity sequence of a coronavirus found and there's no wobbles, there's no errors, there's no gray areas, this is the sequence and then now we're supposed to accept the sequence and its HIV inserts and its super antigen sequences and its amyloid
amyloid and amyloidosis generating sequences and it's clotting whatever else it does like this all of this is
resting on the presumption that the sequence that they found is real, accurate, and defines both the natural signal and the signal that they transfected in you.
And because the thing that they transfected in you has all of these extra attributes,
They hurt you.
They poisoned us.
They caused cancer.
And it's because of this nasty protein that was actually designed by EcoHealth because they're trying to make nasty gain-of-function viruses.
That's the closure of this.
That's the summary of all of these red books put out by Skyhorse Publishing.
If you believe all of these whistleblowers, including Robert F. Kennedy Jr., including Brian Hooker, including Robert Malone, and including
Andrew Huff, then that's what you believe.
And so if you can't pull your head out now, your kids will be enslaved.
So think about this.
They go out and they surveil and they look at, scientists look at the disease that's circulating the planet, okay, after it emerges.
And then they look at the genetics of it using something called BLAST.
And then they find perfect matches to specific sequences that have also been patented back in 2015, 2014.
And that tells you everything right there.
It shows that the agent, SARS-CoV-2- Don't forget that David Martin has been touring the world for the last five years, sometimes on the same stage as Robert Malone and Merrill Nass, talking about the patents that these people have and the reason why the patents show that this was always
their creation.
Remember that.
Please don't forget that Melissa Chen is also an expert on BLAST.
Don't forget that Dan Saratkin's dad was one of the inventors of some of the algorithms on BLAST.
So don't forget that all of these players are directly connected to the bullshit that they pretend to be talking about.
and the medical countermeasure, the vaccine, were co-developed together.
And that's typically what happens in bioweapons programs.
I get that question a lot.
So they're like, you know, people ask me, is this a bioweapon?
Well, not in the traditional sense.
So when you want to use a bioweapon, if you're a state-sponsored actor or military, you want to use it to knock out, debilitate your enemy.
an incapacitating agent.
You know, the thing that Charles Rixey and the superclown Kevin McCarren in Tokyo in the UK was talking about since 2020 when they first tried to fool me with the other George Webb associates, Paul Cattrell and Addy Adds.
This is a long history of bullshit and a long history of a bullshit team of actors on a bullshit script that I think was written by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
And those guys have probably been behind
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., CHD, and ICANN since their inception.
And, you know, if this is a bioweapon, it's not a very good one, but it could be used for a new type of asymmetrical warfare, where it could be used to stoke fear, like in terrorism, or economically.
I don't believe that... It could be used as the pretext for lockdowns and the Great Reset.
exactly and and why that's so interesting is that you know people come to me like oh this is all a big part of the master plan well um maybe some people have had this as part of their master plan but i don't think all the players were on board and that's why they have this event 201 um you know one thing i talk about in the book is
Event 201 actually happened a year before event 201.
You can go to the real event, realevent201.com and you can find out all about how the real event 201 had people like, I don't know, Lee Min Yan across from the lady that's supposedly credited with inventing the mRNA.
They presented in the same fricking, the same fricking panel.
is that the epidemiology of this disease is clear.
This, this infectious disease emerged in late August or early.
Here he is casting the spell.
This disease is real.
This disease emerged.
September of 2019.
That was months before the US government told everyone what was going on here.
And I didn't do that work.
Other scientists did that work.
But I went and looked at it.
It's excellent.
And it was replicated.
And other people independently did different studies, which were correlated or validated the other people's work.
So this is all rock solid scientists that had been done by science by the global community.
So a lot of scientists, we weren't all bad.
Some of us really did the right thing.
So give us the bottom line, then.
I mean, obviously it was made of a composite, a chimeric virus of a bunch of already patented strains.
They've been lying about it.
Senator Paul's on it.
He's got your information.
What do we need to know?
Senator Paul has your phone number.
Do you know how many times I've been told that the guy's got your phone number?
Don't worry, he's going to call you.
I mean, that's funny.
How about this and where this is going?
Well, I don't know where it's going.
Hopefully, you know, I'm sending, you know, hopefully what happens is we're sending Dr. Anthony Fauci to prison.
Hopefully we send Dr. Ralph Baric to prison.
I hope we send Dr. Dasik to prison because that's where they all deserve to be.
I mean, this is the biggest, biggest scam trap.
So he agrees that the Scooby-Doo mystery is solved and the Scooby-Doo villains behind the the costumes are those three guys.
I mean, it's stop.
It's just terrible.
I mean, it's terrible.
Travesty that's ever happened to humanity.
And I can understand why the Chinese government, the Communist Party, the U.S.
government tried to.
And I can understand why the biggest scam, travesty that's ever happened to humanity.
The biggest scam or travesty that's ever happened to humanity.
And what you have to decide now is whether the actions and words of 2022 up until now, in 2025 on Tucker Carlson, Andrew Huff is behaving as though he is aware that the biggest scam or travesty in the history of mankind has recently occurred.
Is he behaving like that?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was shown on film saying that the vaccine schedule in America is equivalent to Nazi death camps.
Has his behavior since saying that suggest that that's actually what he believes?
Very similarly, you could ask the question, if Brian Hooker didn't use the word autism in 2013 because his son was vaccine damaged, neurologically damaged or poisoned,
by intramuscular injection, why doesn't he say that now?
Why does he say that autism was caused by vaccines now?
Why does he say that we can't get rid of bird flu in raw milk because pasteurization doesn't kill viruses?
It's because they are all on the same national security script where RNA can pandemic, where transfection worked great,
and where gain-of-function viruses are real and we need to worry about it.
These are all myths that they want us to pass on to our kids.
And I can understand why the Chinese government, the Communist Party, and the U.S.
government tried to cover this up, because it's terrible.
But if you want to have these key people making stupid decisions, one after another, just to fuel their own greed, we wouldn't have millions of deaths around the planet.
We want to have these lockdowns.
And the fact that our governments then go along with
But we would have had these millions of deaths because the population pyramids around the Western world predicted that we were going to have about a decade-long increase in all-cause mortality because our population was becoming old and there wasn't the appropriate
the way that the population pyramid was, we were just going to have an increase in all-cause mortality, an increase of burden of the very old, of the elderly, who no longer are contributing income tax, but instead are drawing down from the system.
We have seen this coming for a couple decades.
And so the increase in all-cause mortality was not because of a virus, was not because of the response to a virus or a botched response to a virus.
It was caused by a predictable rise in all-cause mortality because the population pyramid was shaped that way.
These globalist type people like the World Economic Foundation, Klaus Schwab, these maniacs.
The World Economic Foundation?
He doesn't even know the acronyms and what they mean because he hasn't memorized the script well enough because he's not that good of an actor.
I mean, it's just insane.
The whole premise of our freedoms being restricted and taken away to prevent this disease from spreading was ridiculous.
And this is why I signed the Great Barrington Declaration early on.
I actually helped work on some of the national pandemic preparedness plans for different agencies.
And they talked about lockdowns.
He worked
on pandemic preparedness plans for different agencies.
That's why he signed the great Barrington declaration.
So here he is on Alex Jones promoting the Jay Bhattacharya show.
Also a very scripted actor, also scripted to come in contact with me three times in three years.
And then the last time that he was scripted to come in contact with me, really tried to persuade me to stop saying Robert Malone was a traitor.
because Robert Malone was part of the team that was gonna make him NIH director.
Now he's NIH director, and I'm still saying that Robert Malone is a traitor, he is a fraud, and he's part of the script behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and there isn't a journalist on Earth who gives a shit.
Even though I can go on for hours, and Mark can go on for hours, and never stop connecting all the dots, because every single dot lines up over time and space.
over ideas and their lack of progress.
And just like every other actor on stage, this guy's understanding, this guy's ability to message about it, this guy's elevator pitch doesn't change over the course of many years.
We actually modeled and simulate these to see when you use them.
And actually, it does make sense.
When they first came out and said, we need to lock down for two weeks, that was actually part of the plan.
But when they said, we need to lock down for another 30 days, we need to lock down for another 60 days, we need to keep extending these emergency relief acts, it's all nonsense.
And really what they've done is they've created a whole biomedical military-industrial complex around this gain-of-function work, which is nonsense, and the medical countermeasure of a vaccine that doesn't work.
And to show you how, like, you know, to explain this to your audience how I've come along and how I evolved, when this first came out, I was pro-mRNA jabs.
I said, everyone should go and get this.
You know, I trust the government.
And then I started to see the histopathology da-da.
He was pro-mRNA jabs.
So again, he does not have the requisite expertise to understand that this is just an old technology called transfection that has been renamed as a vaccine in order to bamboozle people.
Force them to use a word that will trap them.
Because vaccine is a word that means nothing.
It is a trap, just like autism.
Just like transgender.
These are all traps.
You can't argue your way out when you're using their words.
Alex Jones is an elaborate hoax on Americans all and the world.
Just like David Ickes is an elaborate hoax on the world.
Just like Joe Rogan and the intellectual dark web.
Just like Peter Thiel and Elon Musk
are elaborate jokes on the world.
They are constructs that have been created by the national security state in order for you to go limp and believe that there's no way you could possibly be as successful as the gay space vampire, Peter Thiel, or as successful as the son of all that is evil, Elon Musk, I guess.
I mean, it's just, it's ridiculous.
These people are no one.
These people are so incredibly average.
And it is only the skillful use of social media that makes them appear otherwise.
the pathology reports coming out.
And then that added with the fact that I read the clinical trial reports of the tests that they conducted.
And it was clear that the jabs were not preventing transmission.
In fact, they were causing the new variants to emerge.
The more you jab people, the more variants you get.
So he says the exact same thing that that Herod van den Bosch, former colleague of Robert Malone at Solvay,
Right?
That guy's been saying that since the end of 2020 and the beginning of 2021 when I was publishing my review.
When I was given the Merrick disease, the Merrick's disease paper by Luigi Warren, the former postdoc of the co-founder of Moderna, a member of drastic and a guy who was featured in a USA Today centerfold foldout.
Drastic was a joke that was played on all of us and on me.
The entire George Webb Network was a joke played on all of us, including Mark Kulak and myself.
Robert Malone is a joke that has been played on all of us and probably was never meant to be as public as he is now because they thought that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass could keep it under wraps, but they couldn't.
They couldn't keep it under control at all.
And Mary Holland's lust for power was best exhibited because she ditched her organization, CHD, in a heartbeat in order to be the general campaign manager of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., just until it was obvious that he was never going to get office and that, more importantly, they hired me at CHD and needed to fire me, so she came back to do it.
All she did since she came back to CHD after I was hired was drive Laura Bono out and threaten me with firing, threaten me with firing, build the HR reports to justify the firing, and then she fired me.
And why did she fire me?
For the same reason that Jay Bhattacharya doesn't talk to me anymore, because I say that Robert Malone is a scripted national security actor, a traitor to my children and yours.
Then you get to the point where you realize, OK, well, this is having no impact.
It looks like it has.
It's having no impact on the burden of disease.
And, you know, it might actually be hurting people.
There's no informed consent.
So here we are.
The government or our government is still recommending this this poison to people.
It doesn't make sense to me.
And the problem, it's a slippery slope.
You know, you go as a scientist like me.
I work for the government for a number of years.
Everything's on deep state.
Fine.
I'm deep state.
But they violated my trust, too.
And through that process, I now question everything that they tell me.
What can you believe from these people?
A simple fact that I like to point out to the naysayers on Twitter about this is that the vast majority of scientific research in medicine and psychology cannot be replicated.
They call it the replication crisis.
And there's a reason for that.
If it can't be replicated, it's not valid.
But they don't want you to know that.
This is also not his idea.
This is the same bullshit that Jay Bhattacharya says.
This is the same bullshit that they say at the broken science meetings.
The replication crisis, the use of p-values to prove nothing.
Yeah, that's great, but now what?
Now what do we do?
What are the consequences of that?
If, if we can't replicate virology, then virology might be a hoax.
If we can't replicate HIV biology, then maybe there's a hoax there too.
If we can't replicate public health, if we can't verify the vaccine schedule is needing all of the shots as early as they are, then maybe we need to pay attention, right?
But instead we talk in these general terms and whine about these general ideas in theory, whatever, without ever taking them to their natural sort of brass
you know, where the rubber meets the road consequences.
Again, if you think this is the worst fraud and the biggest travesty to ever happen in human history, you should be acting differently by now.
If you thought that the vaccine schedule was the equivalent to Nazi death camps in the, in the first world already 10 years ago, you should be acting differently by now.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr, Brian Hooker, Merrill Nass, Mary Holland, all of you, but they don't.
and therefore they can't believe what they say.
Well, that's right.
And we end the last segment with the harassment with them breaking into your new security system to finish up with the harassment.
Has the harassment stopped now because it didn't work or what's happening?
Well, yeah.
I mean, basically, I beat these guys.
I mean, the height of it is I actually got in a gunfight with these guys on my property.
I reported to the Michigan State Police.
Nobody showed up.
There's witnesses to this.
My neighbors, my wife.
It was a prolonged engagement.
That's what we call it.
The witnesses, is it a mile long driveway, but the lot is only a hundred yards wide and you have a next door neighbor?
Or is it a mile long driveway because you have a really big property and then neighbors can't really witness very much.
Which one is it?
The military was an hour long.
Describe that story.
Tell us about that.
An hour long shootout.
He says, let's hear more.
Well, it was simple.
So I was sitting in my house actually in the room next door and there was a man hiding in the bushes who was armed operating a small drone around my house.
So who cares about the small house actually in the room next door?
And there was a man hiding in the bush.
I was sitting in my house actually in the room next door.
What in the Sam shit does that mean?
Other than I'm lying.
And there was a man hiding in the bushes who was armed operating a small drone around my house.
So who cares about the small drone?
But I have an armed guy trespassing on my property.
So I did what any American would do.
Out in a rural area, this is a stand your ground state.
I grabbed my firearms and I went after him.
I called the police first.
First, I told him there was an armed trespasser on my property.
When I went after him, they shot at me.
Actually, he turned at me with a firearm in his pocket, and that's when I started to shoot at him.
He turned at me with a firearm in his pocket, and that's when I started to shoot at him.
This story is so bad.
And then they started to return fire back across the swamp.
I own 200 acres in a remote area.
200 acres in a remote area, but he has witnesses that are his neighbors.
and he has a swamp and he shot across the swamp at this person.
In another retelling of this story with Del Bigtree, he uses the figure 150 rounds, which is kind of hard to understand because 150 rounds is quite a lot to carry, even if you have clips or a belt.
Um, and he does claim in that other story that he went back to the house where his, my, where his wife and toddler were sheltering to reload and then went back out and shot some more.
So let's see if he says that in this interview.
Um, you know, the whole thing is.
Which is a lesson everybody, you fired back at the real, you know, people say, oh, you work for the deep state.
Yeah, we should be ready to have defectors back to America who were never bad and wake up and tell the truth.
The key to bringing them down is going to be people like you and Edward Snowden.
It's going to be insiders.
So when you finally shot back at them, they went away.
Andrew Huff is the same as Edward Snowden.
That's amazing.
After that.
They ran away and they actually, I had them pinned down so bad, this gentleman deployed what's known as a tactical rescue beacon.
I hadn't seen one of these things in the military and I laughed.
I mean, I was sort of happy that it was had on top of this guy, but this guy actually deployed something.
I mean, can't you see Mel Gibson and his sons in the woods in the movie Patriot?
you know shooting from different places and putting rifles in different places so he can make it seem like there's lots of him but there's really only one of him and so he had like these rifles and these these probably game cameras all over the place and so he would run from one place would run from one location to another and shoot from different angles so they didn't know how many people were shooting at him and and then he had him pinned down and and then what?
Into the sky that made a sonic noise it emitted
I'm guessing other technology to rescue vehicles would come to his location.
I mean, you can't make this stuff up.
The rescue vehicles actually came down to the front of my driveway of a mile-long driveway, and they were waiting to pick this person up.
When I came back, I had my wife call the sheriff's department again to find out where the heck they were.
I reloaded.
I went back to the point where I thought this person was escaping, and the sheriff's department actually went by my driveway with their sirens on at about 100 miles an hour, and I couldn't believe it.
I mean, I was shocked and I did an interview with Majid Nawaz after this shortly happened with my wife, who's a professor at Michigan.
I did an interview with Majid Nawaz.
Now, that's an interesting thing to say.
Just keep that in your mind right now as I wrap up the show.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is pretty shocking, right?
This is absolutely shocking.
I got to go, but I want you to see it.
These people were on stage together in Romania in November of 23.
Then they were on stage together again in the United States in 2024 under the auspices of Senator Ron Johnson and Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
All of these people are scripted traitors to our grandchildren.
All of these people are on a national security script and taking benefits from social media and from sponsors and from who knows what else in order to perform this act.
This is one of the worst ones of all, and it's really remarkable because it's a verifiably false story about the Health and Human Services book about the Wuhan cover-up.
And no one cares.
And he told this story on a huge podcast right before the election.
This man is a traitor, but he's a scripted traitor, so we can forgive him, but we need to find out who scripted him, and we need to find out now
because this was a narrative trap.
That's why he was there in 2020 to tell us about PCR.
And now he's here telling us that PCR works, but the shots are contaminated.
It's a narrative trap where everybody involved in the trap believes in the novel virus and in gain of function, and that it could come again.
And they were there from the very beginning as a health freedom movement has children's health defense and ICANN already put in place before the pandemic.
So that at the beginning,
There would be people there to set a mythology full of the expected outcomes of transfection that they were going to call a vaccine.
And they all called it a vaccine.
All said that PCR works, just not theirs.
They all agreed that there was some pretty fishy stuff about the spike protein.
And they all agreed that this virus could have come out of a laboratory and therefore causing all of these problems in 2020.
The COVID is causing mitochondrial damage and prion disease and amyloid and long COVID.
And that illusion is to hide the fact that transfection was going to do all kinds of random shit to people because transfecting healthy people was always a dumb idea.
And in order to get away with it, they needed to have murder and lies.
Coordinated, of course,
and it's very simple to sort through it.
Pure oxygen causes acute respiratory distress syndrome.
PCR is not a useful diagnostic tool, not then, and it isn't now, but it's being used all over the world as if it is.
That's by design.
Not using antibiotics for viral pneumonia was a crime, and if they keep doing it, they can do it again.
Murder and lies for what?
It's very simple, because they need the data.
There's only going to be this much diversity on Earth for another generation or two.
So they need the infrastructure, the data, the power, the machine learning algorithm, the computing power to do it.
It's for the Human Genome Project.
No one else has offered you an answer.
Everybody else is telling you the DoD is killing Americans.
That's ridiculous.
Telling you that the Jews are trying to control everybody and that the Jews have an island with little girls on it or something like that.
This is about real stuff.
about real ideas that originate a decade, I'm sorry, a generation or so ago, a mentor or two ago.
And those ideas didn't come to fruition, but the motivations for their governance and the motivation for their behavior remains the same.
They thought that the Human Genome Project was going to be over by now, that we'd have all the data, all the computers, and all the answers, and we'd be programming human genomics by now.
We'd be programming the human genome right now.
We're not.
And that's the shortcoming that they don't want you to ever find out.
They don't want you to ever know about because they're hoping that in the next 20 years, they'll be able to fill in those blanks and then it won't matter that they lied.
It won't matter that they exaggerated.
It won't matter that they told you lies about where this was going or what they were gonna do.
It won't matter that they lied because then they will have all the power.
And this Lollapalooza of liars is where we need to grow.
This is how we get out.
By showing everybody that from 2020, you can see them clearly.
Steve Bannon, the fraud, the Weinstein brother fraud, the McKernan fraud, all behind the Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
fraud.
And it goes back to their parents.
Les Weinstein, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Estes Kefauver, and Thalidomide.
It couldn't be easier.
Nobody is in this narrative by chance.
Nothing is in this narrative by chance.
Everybody has a timeline.
And if you start holding people to account by looking at their timeline, you're gonna find out that all these people are frauds.
Brian Hooker's timeline reveals him as a scripted fraud.
Nobody's in this narrative by chance.
Brandy Vaughn's timeline reveals these people as a scripted fraud because all of the wonderful teaching that Brandy did, all of the good ideas that she had, all of the beautiful ways that she summarized her objections to
The injection of a combination of substances to augment a healthy child was omitted from these people's rhetoric since.
And she died at the beginning of the pandemic and they all forgot about her.
And that's not by accident.
It's not a little accident.
It's not a little happy accident.
It is by design.
That's the reason why in 2022, see it for what it is,
When he said, when Andrew Huff said that he did an interview with Malid Nawaz, he didn't tell you that it was coordinated by CHD.
He didn't tell you that it was about food supply attacks, which is actually the title of the podcast that he just did with Mary Talley Bowden on X yesterday.
And so we're supposed to believe, listen carefully,
Hello everyone from good morning CHD greetings of health and peace from me Shabnam Melissa Mohammed and our technical team including Riley Vujovic me in South Africa.
So this Indian in South Africa is supposed to be CHD international president
supposed to be a really good actor in South Africa, you know, the same place where the Panda organization with Nick Hudson is, the same organization that has Jonathan Engler, also of Heart, you know, the organization that Claire Craig, the genetic collector, started, and is on the same paper as Kevin McKernan at the beginning of the pandemic about the PCR non-objection.
It's all one shitty show, and there's no way that this Indian named Muhammad,
from South Africa is a legitimate actor and part of the CHD network in South Africa.
And then what, who is she going to promote besides interviewing Andrew Huff about food supplies?
She's going to promote a conference with Jessica Rose.
highly in the US, and you everywhere else in the world.
Wherever you might be joining this edition of Good Morning CHD, let us know in the chat.
We love connecting with you.
So as always, we have an inspiring, informative, and empowering edition of Good Morning CHD for you.
So I would suggest you grab a glass of water, juice, tea, or coffee, settle in,
and share the link for the show so people have access to uncensored information guaranteed.
First up, we'll be sharing some exciting information about the upcoming Children's Health Defense Inaugural Conference coming up in November.
Of course, I went to this conference thinking that some of these people were good.
I went to this conference thinking I had to convince CHD that Robert Malone was a bad guy.
I went to the conference thinking I had to convince Mary Holland that Robert Malone was a bad guy, and that's crazy.
because they're all on the same team and they know it.
And so when I started trying to do that, they reacted very odd, as you can imagine.
Knoxville, Tennessee.
You can see their beautiful poster up on screen.
Children's Health.
Matt Crawford of Rounding the Earth decided to go to this conference and was admitted because Merrill Nass made a phone call for him.
And he met me there.
Charles Rixey met me there.
Robert Malone met me there.
Ryan Cole met me there, and Pierre Kory met me there, and Brian Hooker met me there, and Brian Hooker didn't really want to meet me there, because I was working on the book then.
I wasn't really working on for CHD yet, and Brian Hooker hadn't been briefed as to who I was and why he needed to know me.
Defense, looking for the path forward, uniting to create a better world.
Excellent speakers, of course, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., Catherine Austin Fitts, Mary Holland, Paul Maric, Pierre Corey, Robert Malone, Robert Barnes, Sheila Ely, and Brian Hooker, of course, to register.
And for additional information, go to our website.
We would love to see you there.
And that's the registration page on the website.
Get your tickets.
They're selling out really quickly.
Let's get together to create a better world for the 99%.
Then, of course, we'd love to share some important highlights with you from the recent S.A.
VAERS conference.
So S.A.
VAERS is the South African Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System in South Africa.
which is, of course, an independent alternative reporting system by the people, for the people, intended to give voice to victims, to raise transparency, and to enhance chances at accountability and compensation.
Unfortunately, within the system we're seeing massive amounts of injury, harm, and even death, physical harm, cognitive harm, and, of course, the socioeconomic impact of taking
the experimental C-19 shots.
SAV is, of course, supported by medical legal advisors in South Africa and around the world.
And we held our first conference just two weeks ago, broadcast live on Children's Health Defense.
If you've missed it, you'll be able to catch that episode
on chd.tv under the menu tab called events now one of the presenters at the conference was none other than what we call who we call the most dangerous woman in science dr jessica rose who is of course an essayist
The contract that shows, again, that this is a military project, not a public health project.
It's a countermeasure.
So we have the lawyer of Scott Shara pretending to know what he's talking about with regard to the contamination of the shot.
We have him talking about SV40 and how it was intentionally omitted from the shot.
And who's doing it?
Mary Talley Bowden, her on-call podcast, of course, because that's what you do when you're a national security state actor.
You have a podcast and you interview other national security state actors, and then you publish it on Substack and X. And that's the same thing that these two clowns are doing.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm gonna end it really, really fast.
It's been a long, strange trip.
Our medical records are being interfaced with our genetic records.
That's the way they do it.
They're using this as a standard now, the PCR as standard for diagnosing up to 18 different viral pathogens at once.
This was accomplished by Team Worst Case Scenario.
The FDA doesn't care at all because there's a stooge at the FDA and NIH.
The vaccine schedule has been successfully insulated from any real, real,
scrutiny, and that was done exclusively by CHD, ICANN, Paul Offit, etc.
And finally, the vaccine schedule in America will slowly be ramped up and replaced by these new technologies which will eventually be personalized.
There's no epidemiological evidence of spread because it was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality.
and they used murder and sophisticated lies to create it.
That's why you can see it in this simple graph here.
You can see the expected rise in all-cause mortality coming already back when I was in high school and in college.
And this was sculpted using a wide variety of methods.
Lying about the opioid epidemic was one of the worst ones, but also supplementary oxygen.
And they needed a team of performers to do it.
They perpetuated myths.
They were traitors that did it.
And they hide those murder with lies, because they're all in the same stupid script.
That's how you can see it.
It's the same stupid script.
This is for all the marbles.
This is for the children of earth, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm going to snap it right there.
They fooled us into solving their mystery.
And in so doing, we have accepted all their monsters.
I love you very much.
Sorry for the not so great ending.
I'll definitely see you tomorrow.
It's going to be a very busy week.
Thanks for being here.
See you again soon.
Bye bye bye bye.
It's better to be free.